Restructure `workflows` docs (#587)
roboflow/inference: docs/workflows/create_and_run.md

# How to Create and Run a Workflow

> In this example, we are going to build a Workflow from scratch that detect dogs, classify their breeds and
> visualize results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we are going to build a Workflow from scratch that detects dogs, classifies their breeds and
visualizes results.
```

Author: 👍

## Step 1: Create a Workflow

> Open [https://app.roboflow.com/](https://app.roboflow.com/) in your browser, and navigate to Workflows tab to click 
> Create Workflows button. Select Custom Workflow to start creation process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open [https://app.roboflow.com/](https://app.roboflow.com/) in your browser, and navigate to the Workflows tab to click the
Create Workflows button. Select Custom Workflow to start the creation process.
```

Author: 👍

![Workflow start](https://media.roboflow.com/inference/getting_started_workflows.png)

> ## Step 2: Add object detection model
> We need to add block with object detection model to existing workflow. We will use `yolov8n-640` model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 2: Add an object detection model
We need to add a block with an object detection model to the existing workflow. We will use the `yolov8n-640` model.
```

Author: 👍

![Add object detection model](https://media.roboflow.com/inference/adding_object_detection_model.png)

## Step 3: Crop each detected object to run breed classification

Next, we are going to add a block to our Workflow that crops the objects that our first model detects.

![Add crop](https://media.roboflow.com/inference/adding_crop.png)

## Step 4: Classify dog breeds with second stage model

> We are then going to add an classification model thar runs on each crop to classify its content. We will use

Reviewer 2: `an classification` -> `a classification`

Author: 👍

> We are then going to add an classification model thar runs on each crop to classify its content. We will use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are then going to add a classification model that runs on each crop to classify its content. We will use
```

Author: 👍

> Roboflow Universe model `dog-breed-xpaq6/1`. Please make sure that in block configuration, property `Image`
> points to Dynamic Crop output named `crops`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Roboflow Universe model `dog-breed-xpaq6/1`. Please make sure that in the block configuration, the `Image` property
points to the `crops` output of the  Dynamic Crop block.
```

Author: 👍

![Add OCR](https://media.roboflow.com/inference/adding_secondary_model.png)

> ## Step 5: Replace Bounding Boxes classes with classification model prediction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 5: Replace Bounding Box classes with classification model predictions
```

> When each crop is classified, we would like to assign class predicted for each crop (dog breed) as a class 
> of bounding box with dog. To do this we use Detections Classes Replacement block, which accepts 
> reference to predictions of object detection model, as well as reference to classification results on crops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When each crop is classified, we would like to assign the class predicted for each crop (dog breed) as a class 
of the dog bounding boxes from the object detection model . To do this we use Detections Classes Replacement block, which accepts a
reference to predictions of a object detection model, as well as a reference to the  classification results on the crops.
```

Author: 👍

![Add Classes Replacement](https://media.roboflow.com/inference/detections_classes_replacement.png)

## Step 6: Visualise predictions

> As a final step of workflow, we would like to visualize our predictions. We will use two 
> visualization blocks: Bounding Box Visualization and Label Visualization chained together.
> At first, add Bounding Box Visualization referring to `$inputs.image` in Image property (that's the
> image sent as your input to workflow), the second step (Label Visualization) however, should point to 
> the output of Bounding Box Visualization step. Both visualization steps should refer to predictions 
> from Detections Classes Replacement step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a final step of the workflow, we would like to visualize our predictions. We will use two 
visualization blocks: Bounding Box Visualization and Label Visualization chained together.
At first, add Bounding Box Visualization referring to `$inputs.image` for the Image property (that's the
image sent as your input to workflow), the second step (Label Visualization) however, should point to 
the output of Bounding Box Visualization step. Both visualization steps should refer to predictions 
from the Detections Classes Replacement step.
```

Author: 👍

![Add Visualisation](https://media.roboflow.com/inference/adding_visualization.png)

## Step 7: Construct output
You have everything ready to construct your workflow output. You can use any intermediate step output that you
need, but in this example we will only select bounding boxes with replaced classes (output from Detections 
Classes Replacement step) and visualisation (output from Label Visualization step).

## Step 8: Running the workflow

> Now your workflow, is ready. You can click `Save` button and move to `Run Preview` panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now your workflow, is ready. You can click the `Save` button and move to the `Run Preview` panel.
```

Author: 👍

We will run our workflow against the following example image `https://media.roboflow.com/inference/dog.jpeg`.
Here are the results

![Results](https://media.roboflow.com/inference/workflow_preview.png)

> Clicking on `Show Visual` button you will find results of our visualisation efforts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking on the `Show Visual` button you will find results of our visualization efforts.
```

Author: 👍

<center><img src="https://media.roboflow.com/inference/workflow_visualisation_result.png" width="50%"/></center>

## Different ways of running your workflow

> Your workflow is now saved at Roboflow Platform. This means you can run it in multiple different ways, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your workflow is now saved on the Roboflow Platform. This means you can run it in multiple different ways, including:
```

Author: 👍

- HTTP request to Roboflow Hosted API

- HTTP request to your local instance of `inference server`

- on video

> To see code snippets, click `Deploy Workflow` button:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see code snippets, click the `Deploy Workflow` button:
```

Author: 👍

<center><img src="https://media.roboflow.com/inference/deploy_workflow.png" width="50%"/></center>

## Workflow definition for quick reproduction

> To make it easier to reproduce the workflow, below you can find workflow definition you can copy-paste to UI editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make it easier to reproduce the workflow, below you can find a workflow definition you can copy-paste to UI editor.
```

Author: 👍

        {
          "type": "roboflow_core/bounding_box_visualization@v1",
          "name": "bounding_box_visualization",
          "predictions": "$steps.detections_classes_replacement.predictions",
          "image": "$inputs.image"
        },
        {
          "type": "roboflow_core/label_visualization@v1",
          "name": "label_visualization",
          "predictions": "$steps.detections_classes_replacement.predictions",
          "image": "$steps.bounding_box_visualization.image"
        }
      ],
      "outputs": [
        {
          "type": "JsonField",
          "name": "detections",
          "coordinates_system": "own",
          "selector": "$steps.detections_classes_replacement.predictions"
        },
        {
          "type": "JsonField",
          "name": "visualisation",
          "coordinates_system": "own",
          "selector": "$steps.label_visualization.image"
        }
      ]
    }
    ```

## Next Steps

Now that you have created and run your first workflow, you can explore our other supported blocks and create a more complex workflow.

Refer to our [Supported Blocks](/workflows/blocks/) documentation to learn more about what blocks are supported.

> We also recommend reading [Understanding workflows](/workflows/understanding/) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also recommend reading the [Understanding workflows](/workflows/understanding/) page.
```

Author: 👍
